I, Pierre Nicholas Thomas Maio, am an ordained Christian Anarchist minister and being threatened with murder by corrupt law enforcement based in the USA. I am not suicidal.

Any report of my death or injury is a staged homicide or assault perpetrated by rogue elements of the Multnomah Country Sheriff's Department, Alameda County Sheriff's Department, Solano County Sheriff's Department, DHS/HSI, Interpol, and the FBI which also has a history of "Green Scare" tactics and targeted Earth First! which I have assisted in lawful above-ground organization. I am constantly vetted by domestic and foreign agencies for any involvement with forest defense in the respective countries; I am not. I have been badjacketed to activists by their snitches and corrupt federal assets.

When the targeting was initiated none involved were aware that I was a trained US intelligence asset with years of undocumented training and I first worked for national security as a teenager off-books vetting people who were trying to get training from the government for ties to subversive organizations.  This was before I was in the US military which I joined between the ages of 19-20 years old.

I was first heavily targeted after coming from being set up by NPS ISB assets in Yosemite Park, California for marijuana and a pipe that was the property of the undercover asset, William W. This asset resurfaced as an Earth First! activist clearly working undercover and dating a woman whonwas indigenous who trains GreenPeace in climbing trees and tree-sitting. This female individual also had me handle a laptop in a house in Eugene, Oregon that was overseen by an activist named Ben who was prominent in Earth First! circles and asked me to not stay at his property likely because he was aware of the level of surveillance perpetrated against me. I do not believe that Ben was an informant but he was fighting cases for activism. The woman who drove the black Toyota Prius during a Rosewood Oregon treesit and her ex/boyfriend absolutely were. Her boyfriend was my former roommate that set me up in Yosemite. 

The MCSO likely took over targeting me and likely classified me as a nuisance/addict and I was in a vulnerable state abusing alcohol and at an apartment complex on Luradell street where a CI named "Adrice" introduced themselves.  I joined a mosque and became a Muslim and "Adrice" showed up at the mosque. A young man named "Anwar" who came from the Arabic school in Folsom California hung around with me and at one point I overheard him saying "I am watching him for the police!" I was likely upgraded from the status of "nuisance/addict" to being classified as a threat to national security using false pretext and for my joining a mosque under investigation and engaging in environmental activism. I am not a threat to my country and national security and public safety are priorities which I take very seriously and have and I have held government security clearances which reflect this. 

I had recently left a property in Troutdale, Oregon where I witnessed fully uniformed Multnomah County Sheriff's Deputies climbing through my bathroom windows and they were using a Neo-Nazi they named "J. Filapetti" and another individual to harass me and they were CIs. They also had a female sex offender there and have used sex offenders extensively and tried to set me up for sexual assault charges by throwing a party with a bunch of drug diversion program participants and shoving a drunk and frisky woman in my room repeatedly. They failed in their setup as I was aware that having sex with a inebriated female means she cannot consent.

At the mosque I joined in Portland I was vetted to see if I was radicalized, which I am not. Likely the Portland Joint Terrorism Task Force (JTTF), the FBI National Security Branch, and/or DHS/HSI contractors were present. DHS has told immigration officials that they track me everywhere I go, even abroad.

Nobody at the mosque was aware that I had been a national security intelligence asset. This mosque was where they arrested "The Portland 7". Their vetting team consisted of an older white male named *redacted* and an unnamed Jewish man. They cleared me of being a radical and also tried to see if I was a black militant which I was cleared of as well. The older white male I profiled as an interrogator although they said they were a doctor and they likely had a psychiatry background. I will not provide further details on these subjects as they were likely lawfully working in a national security position in anti-terror. If I discover that they had any involvement in drugging, interrogating, sensitizing me, or targeting me I will release their names and identities because that would mean they are not who I believe then to be and are thus criminal law enforcers who should be brought to justice for betraying the US public.

This harassment was initiated by NPS ISB assets in Yosemite and continued by Multnomah County Sheriff deputies in Troutdale, OR, utilizing known white-supremacist informants in drug diversion programs to attempt 'honey-trap' setups before transitioning to pharmacological sensitization in Portland."

After my reversion (conversion) to Islam the actions of corrupt law enforcement transitioned into pharmacologically induced hypnosis to interrogate me and plant anchors into my subconsciousness and behavioral modification tactics where I was drugged and stalked and harassed by community members and law enforcement. They used sensitization and federal asset level interrogation tactics and have been doing this for 13.5 years withlit affording me due process of law and violating my rights with abandon and gross impunity. 

I am not an ordained minister and they target my faith and I get constant death threats anywhere I go. They make racist threats and threaten to murder me and make it look like a suicide and I am not suicidal. They harass me and demand to know if I worked for the CIA and they have had family members try to probe me for Pentagon contacts. Wherever I move they set up a massive surveillance network and set up sound devices and have mostly females scream at me night and day and threaten my family and myself.

Some people they have had assist in threatening me were Ch. Crosson (Fairfield, CA/New Jersey), N. Crosson (Fairfield, CA), N. Potter (Fairfield,  CA), L. Potter (Fairfield, CA), and a Jewish family friend named Sharada from Berkeley and a woman named "Carrie" who has used the name "C Rox" before. All of these people havebintimiate knowledge of what has been done to me and they also recruited my Uncle, J. Thomas to say strange things to me at a Christmas gathering and have had my cousins (the husband of H. Coven and their son) stalk me in Reno, Nevada.

There is a judge in Fairfield, California who is intimately aware of the nature of my targeting and violated her oath to assist a friend in getting away with threatening me and assisting in targeting me so I suspect the Solano County Sheriff's Department also has information regarding the nature of my targeting as they constantly were trying to set me up while using N. Crosson's property as a reference point. My former friends Mr. Crosson and Mr. Wixom tried to have me criminalized for making terrorists threats but were not successful. The Crossons are also aware of the nature of my targeting and targeting was done on their property as well. 

The corrupt law enforcement are obsessed with sexual immortality and accuse me of all sorts of crimes and falsities. They have been tied to female prison outreach programs and a child sex trafficking ring associated with a massive international NGO based in Portland Oregon that was investigated by the CIA and the founder's daughter was discovered to be telling the truth about being sex trafficked as a child and witnessing her father and high level government officials raping children, even raping a child to death. I identified elements of this organization internationally when I witnessed adults handling children in a gratuitously sexual nature that was lascivious and unlawful as they stalked me, exposing young girls and doing things of a sexual nature to young girls. 

I used my skills as an investigator to find ties between Mercy Corps,  Portland, Oregon, and the female prison system and why I would see elements of a child sex trafficking ring on an international platform.  I was able to do this by identifying female participants as inmates of an Oregon facility of which there is only one women's prison in Oregon. Then I looked for ties to the prison and Multnomah County which brought up the name "Mercy Corps" which is based in Portland Oregon and then I looked for any link to child sex traffickers and that brought up the Mercy Corps scandal. I have also tied the same corrupt US law enforcement that is perpetrating these crimes to acts of mass violence in the USA and am positive without any reasonable doubt that they are running a covert program to entice people to acts of mass violence.  I believe that I am being further persecuted for discovering this link.

The assets that have been targeting me had no idea of my level of clearance or that I was a national security asset at any point in the first few years of being targeted by them and others and afterwards they would make remarks that even though they knew I had done nothing wrong that it was too late and that they had spent too much money and "man-hours" to stop now.

I would also like to add that at no time was I running a surveillance net on activists in any environmental movement and that I have intimate knowledge of federal agents and CI's in AIM, Earth First!, Stop Cop City, and other movements. For fear of my life I will not divulge the identities of these Confidential Informants or deep cover federal assets but they have also had a big part in badjacketing me to other activists to drive me out of movements so they can terrorized me and commit surveillance abuse and commit crimes under color of law and police misconduct with gross abandon.

I have never worked for police or federal law enforcement and my background is purely based in intelligence and national security and I have never reported to local or federal or intermediate law enforcement nor have I worked as an informant or snitch. I did not disclose my background to activists or even some family because it creates division and is my past. I feel strongly about respecting the rights of lawful dissidents in my country and am staunchly opposed to police abuses perpetrated against US citizens exercising their constitutional rights and I believe that there are various elements within these activist communities that are having their rights violated by corrupt federal assets just as my rights are being violated by corrupt federal law enforcement assets.

I am constantly vetted by above ground federal assets for involvement in organizing movements at the core level and I am not implicating federal assets that are doing their jobs with respect to their authority, position, and with integrity. As far as anyone attached to targeting me, they are all criminals in positions of public trust and they are corrupt to the core. They are some of the worst criminals I have encountered and the fact that they are supposed to be law enforcers is despicable. Many of these federal agents are from European countries as well which signifies that some are actors in an international law enforcement body.

If I end up dead, these are people who would know who killed me and some would be the perpetrators.
