i spoke to the owner through the window. he said they are guests who came to smoke on the roof. they are here with a child. they often use children and that is how I tied these people to a pedophile ring, the Mercy Corps thing. However,  some of them come with children because they get paid to stalk me and they take shifts and go tourist when it is not their shift. obviously it is wrong to involve children but these people have no morals and likely children are just tools and assets to them. in the usa they would use children and adults over the age of 65 to try and bait me to attack them so I could get enhanced charges and they also have kicked and harmed animals to try and get me to assault the handler so I could get charges and they have used federal and state law enforcement to try and set me up for a shooting to kill me. there were teams with covert ear pieces and shooter blinds. they were using a young woman and male as leads and they only backed off when I thought quickly and started typing into my notepad their positions and how I would first commandeer the weapon of the female and shoot her in the lower extremities and use her as a body shield while I used her weapon to shoot the rest of the team. They then sent a man as a sniper and he had a chubby Mexican woman who was terrified and some small children and he led them up the side of a steep hill to use as body shields which is disgusting. she was terrified and kept asking in broken English "Is it safe?". likely they have set people up like this and killed them and then killed the witnesses who I profiled as undocumented Mexican immigrants.  this means that they were disposable if a sniper uses undocumented immigrants and children as a body shield. they do this because they know that I would never risk shooting the sniper for risk of hitting the children and the woman. she was terrified and all the law enforcement there was white and it was in the south so they were racist too. they likely have set people up, killed them, and then murdered the undocumented immigrants because they were witnesses. I have identified some of the police involved. These corrupt US police are incredibly dangerous and have absolutely no morals or ethics. As a trained operator I have never heard of a US domestic sniper using immigrant women and children as body shields. i only saw that in Colombia where police were fighting rebels using stalled vehicles as cover and I immediately took action and cleaned the tear gas off of me and blocked the door so the children could not run off the bus and get kidnapped by guerillas. I calmed everyone down and explained how to clean the tear gas out of their eyes and blocked the exits and almost got kindapped and killed.  i saved the lives of some of these American's snitches and one thanked me for saving them and then when I sle0t he robbed my phone because that is what the Americans told him to do. He looked really sad when he thanked me. he was the only one who thanked me. likely because he felt sad for what he was about to do to me.



I got set up to be shot at a State Monument in the Southern Midwest in the USA. the officers involved were from various law enforcement agencies, most park rangers as this was a state monument and the woman was a decorated female officer and I believe the first female in her department to be elected to be on a tactical team so I profiled correctly that she was a shooter.  Additionally they were all respected in their departments but clearly they were all corrupt. They had two waves (two teams). After the first team backed off they only sent vehicles and those teams left after I wrote exactly what they were doing. They did not attempt to set me up for a shooting again after that. The detail with which I described their actions likely would have signalled to them that I have experience and tactical training. I also drive a vehicle that is only sold to police and federal law enforcement (that I purchased from the family member of a law enforcers for a good price) so that would have spooked them as well.  They were likely not told that I was trained or nobody knew. This may have been when they took a closer look at my background event though nothing exists on paper. They likely interviewed my Basic Training drill sergeants and friends. My family would have had an attorney and not talked to them directly or without a lawyer present. Just this week they tried to have their screaming women scream about my mother and whether I was in the CIA. Since their methods are virtually enhanced interrogation tactics everything they communicate is a ploy to elicit actionable information and if I were to say something that makes it seem like my mother knows about my background they would likely try to put pressure on her to talk or try to find grounds to interrogate her. Of course my mother and anyone I care about knows nothing about me that they do not know. I was virtually an unknown ghost until they started this and i never tell anyone anything just in case people ever come asking questions.  i was pretty smart to be that careful because if I had shared my life with tons of people they could be in damgerand so could I. My exes, my family, and my fake friends know nothing about me. My friends who became snitches knew I was being vetted for a classified position because they got interviewed but since all identifying records were disappeared by a team at a classified military base and there is no record of further training except me going to Virginia and failing classes for a long time and going to Arizona where it shows I did nothing they still would have seen me as an easy target for sure.

On Friday, February 20th at about ______ here in Mexico these corrupt police threatened to lynch me as I listened to Billie Holiday's song "Strange Fruit " and when I remarked about how racist that was, they threatened to murder me and make it look like a suicide. I am currently still in an area where these people are and this morning at about 2am when I went outside for a moment they had a woman scream "Cuida!" and then a male on another floor said they would kill me if I said anything. Earlier today they also threatened my life for speaking out against the police agencies who are doing this to me.  I have identified multiple off-duty officers involved and they have even had me arrested by police who in front of cameras loudly claimed they were off-duty as they led me handcuffed to the police station. They were foreign police hired by the US feds to arrest me to try and steal my legal protection so community members were not afraid to harass and stalk me. They have done this many times but this time the embassy told me to stay with my PPD or they would steal it so I told them they would have to put me in jail because I would not leave my PPD at the station.  Another time in another country they threw me in a jail and I got interrogated to see if I was a CIA agent. They wanted to once again get rid of my PPD but instead the commander of the police personally wrote me a special permission to carry it. A different time in another country they had police beat me almost to death to steal my PPD and the corrupt feds there left my permissions and stole my cash and phones and everything else but I was wearing an evidence body cam which they refused to touch or even tamper with.

These US feds are incredibly corrupt and they try to proxy through and as civilians and community members to evade agency liability but I know for a fact that they are corrupt police from the USA, contracted by my country, and some have been on Interpol details. Racism, death threats, threats of rape... nothing is off limits to them at all. They just lie and cover it up and intimidate witnesses and likely make people sign NDAs that would not hold water in court since they are committing crimes constantly.
